
Inheritence :
- Parent-Child Relationship. 
- Provide code reuseabilty.

Sytanx:
<modifers> class <cildclass> : <Parent Class>
Public childClass : ParentClass

Rules:
1- Parent Classes Constructor must be accessiblle to child class , Otherwise inheritance will not be possible.

2- In inheritance child class can access parent class members but parent classes can never access any member that is purity under the child class.

3- We can initalize a parent classes variable by using the child class instance to make it as a refrence , so that the refrence will consuming the memory of child class instance , but in this case also we can't call any pure child class members by using the refrence.
Example :
In Main
Class1 p; // p is a variable of class1 that is uninitalized form.
class2 c = new class2();
p = c;

4- Every class that is defined by us or pre-defined in the libraries of the language has a default parent class i.e object class of system namespace , So ,the members of the object class (Equal , GetHashcode , GetType , ToString) are accessible from any where.

5- In C-Sharp we don't have support for multiple inheritance through classes , what we are provided is only single inheritancr through classes.

6- In the First Point we learn whenever child class instance is created , child class constructor will imlicity call its parent classes constructor but only if the constructor is parameterless.

If the constructor is parameterized child class constructor can't implicitly call its parent class constructor So , To overcome this problem we need "base" keyword for explicitly call the parent class constructor.

Note: If at all a class has 1 immediate parent class to it we call it as a single inheritance and if it has more than 1 immediate parent class to it we call it is multiple inheritance .

Base class constructor must be public because base class constructor should be accessible to derived class and dervied class has any child class then derived class constructor must be public.